unit 21

voc.1

1. Benefits - things such as medical insurance that employees receive in addition to money.
2. Premise - idea or theory on which a statement or action is based on.
3. Discharge debt - pay debt completely
4. Stakeholders - people such as employees, customers or citizens who are involved with an organisation and therefore have an interest in its success
5. Better off - richer
6. Strive for - try very hard to make something happen.
7. Fall short off - fail to reach a desired standard
8. Knock-on effects - indirect results of other events or situations.

voc.2

1. At least - is used to emphasise that something is good in a bad situation.
2. Merely - is used to emphasise that you mean exactly what you are saying and nothing more.
3. Supposedly - is used to indicate what should happen, but in fact does not.
4. All the while - means 'at the same time'.
5. Thus - means 'for this reason'.
6. All things considered - means 'taking everything into account'.
7. Simply put - says 'I'm going to express something complicated in an uncomplicated way'.
8. Unfortunately - signals that the sentence which follows will express some bad effects of a situation.

--------------

Unit 22.

voc.1

1. Buying new companies - acquisition
2. Continuing for a long time - sustained
3. So satisfied with our abilities or situation that we feel we do not need to try any harder - complacement
4. Using, exploiting for our benefit - leveraging
5. A varied or mixed presence or operation - a diverse footprint
6. The combined power of groups of things when they are working together which is greater than the total power achieved by each working separately - synergies

voc.2

1. Increased suddenly and greatly - 
2. Average of the prices of the stocks of the 100 largest companies on the London Stock Exchange
3. Exceeded - topped
4. Making other people work hard - hard-driving
5. Meetings where information and instructions are given - briefings
6. Group - clutch
7. Produces success -  payy off
8. Acquire la wider range of customers - broaden our customer base